No wonder I feel familiar
Turns out he was in the same school as my wife
Danny, I'm here to pick him up today.
Wait until I get the first one to show him
Will you keep your word this time?
Don't come back to see me if you can't pick him up
Let me tell you something.
Xiaozhen is a good boy
It is your blessing to marry her.
Grandma, I believe in the way you see people
Besides, this marriage is over
I will definitely cherish her
Mr. Chen, do you think I should pick up my wife or my wife?
Of course I'll pick it up
Hope you will think
My gift for you
Hurry up hurry up
I'm out of soy sauce at home
The fish is almost ready, you can go and buy some.
Oh, I see.
I'm on my way.